Welcome to the School CRM System project! This system is designed to provide a smooth and intuitive experience for parents, students, and staff, focusing on student management and engagement. With our CRM, schools can enhance communication, ensure timely updates, and foster a better learning environment.

🌟 Key Features
👨‍👩‍👦 Parent Signup and Login
Simple registration process for parents, offering easy access to their child's information and school updates.
Secure login with password protection and email verification for added security.
🧑‍🎓 Student Profile
A comprehensive student profile displaying personal details, grades, activities, and more.
Accessible by both parents and school admins for monitoring and updates.
📊 Dashboard Overview (Default Screen)
Timetable: A visually appealing timetable with subject icons for easy navigation.
Notifications: Important alerts like upcoming events, exams, or school notices are easily accessible with notification icons.
Fee & Attendance Tiles: Quick-glance tiles display current fee status and attendance records.
📅 Class Diary
Calendar Interface: The class diary is displayed in a calendar format.
Diary Entries: Clicking on a specific date shows the class diary for that day, with information pulled from the backend.
Diary Content: Displays details of all subjects the student is currently enrolled in.
📝 Mock Tests
Test List: Available mock tests are shown in the form of engaging cards.
MCQ Interface: Multiple-choice questions appear upon selecting a test, with only one attempt per question allowed.
Answer Feedback: Correct answers are highlighted in green, incorrect ones in red, with explanations for wrong answers.
Test Scores: After completing the test, scores are displayed, and users can see their progress:
Attended Test: Shows the score (e.g., 7/10).
Pending Test: Displays as "Pending" if the test hasn't been taken yet.
Sample Data: The system comes with 10 dummy questions and answers for testing purposes.
📚 Assignments Tab
Assignment List: Students can view their current assignments in a structured list.
Submission: Supports file uploads (PDF or DOC) for submitting assignments.
Assignment Status: Shows "Pending" for assignments that are yet to be submitted and "Submitted" for those already uploaded.
✅ Attendance Tab
Calendar View: Attendance records are shown in a calendar format. Dates with attendance are circled.
Attendance Status: Dates show a green circle if attended, red if missed, with public holidays excluded (data fetched from a dummy JSON response).
Summary: The top right corner displays the total number of attended classes out of the total available (e.g., 22/30).
⚙️ Technical Details
💻 Frontend:
Prioritizes user experience (UX) with a clean and simple design.
Calendar components are used for attendance and class diary views.
Dynamic cards are employed for mock tests and assignments, creating an engaging user experience.
🛠️ Backend:
Data is fetched dynamically via JSON for diaries, mock tests, and attendance details.
Authentication is handled through secure, token-based APIs.
Mock test answers and scores are stored in the backend and retrieved as needed.
🔍 Testing:
Uses dummy JSON data for testing purposes, such as mock test questions and attendance records.
Basic validation checks are in place for file uploads and form submissions.
📥 Installation & Setup
1. Clone the Repository
git clone https://github.com/your-repo/school-crm-system.git
2. Install Dependencies
Navigate to the project folder and install the necessary packages:

cd backend
npm install
cd frontend
npm install
3. Run the Application
Start the local development server:

cd backend
npm start
cd frontend
npm run dev
The app will be available at: http://localhost:3000

4. JSON API Setup
Ensure the backend API is correctly set up for fetching diary entries, attendance, and mock tests.
Adjust the sample JSON responses for testing as required.
🚀 Future Enhancements
🔔 Push Notifications: Real-time notifications for instant updates to parents and students.
📊 Progress Tracking: Detailed tracking of student performance and progress.
👨‍🏫 User Role Enhancements: Tailored dashboards for teachers, students, and admins.
🤝 Contribution Guidelines
We welcome contributions! Feel free to open issues or submit pull requests to help improve the system. Bug fixes, enhancements, and new ideas are always appreciated.

📄 License
This project is licensed under the MIT License. For more information, refer to the LICENSE file.

